{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red32\green32\blue32;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c16863\c16863\c16863;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Written Report
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf3 1.
\f2\b0\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs40 \ul Summarize the analysis.
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 In our extensive study, we carefully examined\'a0many factors that could affect how well students do in school. We looked at the following things:
\f1 \

\f3 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 How Well Students Do in Reading and Math: We found\'a0the average scores for each school in reading and math. This clarified\'a0how well kids are doing in\'a0school.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 Analyzing Passing Rates: Next, we looked at the pass rates for math, reading, and overall. The examination was critical to find out what academic standards the schools held themselves to and how well their teaching methods were working.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 Looking at Financial Input: One important part of the study was to find out if there is a connection between how much money is spent on each kid and how well they do in school. We looked into whether spending more leads to better results in schooling.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 Effects of School Size: We looked into how school size affects how well students do in school. By putting schools into three groups small, medium, and large could find out if the number of kids in a school affects how well they learn and how much they achieve.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 We also looked at the differences between charter schools and district schools. It was our goal to find any big differences in how well they did and figure out why these differences happened.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \

\f3 By taking this comprehensive approach, we hoped to find the most important things that make a school successful or show where changes must\'a0be made. This study is more than just a collection of numbers; it investigates how education works and how different factors affect the learning setting.
\f1 \

\f3 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf3 2.
\f2\b0\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs40 \ul Draws two correct conclusions or comparisons from the calculations.
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs40 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \'a0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 Impact of School Size
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 In this study, we noticed a connection between the size of a school and how well its students did:
\f1 \

\f3 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 Performance is Better in Smaller Schools: Math and reading scores are better in schools with fewer kids. Smaller schools might be able to give each student more one-on-one care, which could help them do better in school.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 A close-knit learning environment has these pros: Smaller schools make it easier for teachers to meet the needs of each student, which makes the learning setting more supportive and individualized. This can help with filling in learning holes or fixing problems.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 Schools with More Students Do Not Do As Well: Schools with more students have lower passing rates and average grades. There may not be enough resources, students may not get as much one-on-one time, and there may be more varied educational needs that are harder to meet all at once.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Charter vs District Schools
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 When comparing charter schools and district schools, some interesting things came up:
\f1 \

\f3 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 In math and reading, charter schools did better than district schools. This could be because of new ways of teaching, flexible curriculums, and driven students.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'b7
\f2\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f3\fs32 Innovation and Flexibility in Charter Schools: Charter schools are more likely to try new things and adapt their lessons to fit the needs of their students than public schools. Being flexible might help you do better.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \

\f3 By studying these factors, we learn how school size and type affect how well students do in school. This information is needed to make choices about educational policy and practice.
\f1 \
}